hi so the posture today is going to be
good for kicking okay it's a dynamic
tension exercise for your legs and for
kicks okay first we're gonna work on our
balance so lift your left leg up and get
them me at least hip height okay from
this position we're going to extend the
leg out to the side all right you're
ready to prepare yourself breathe into
the nose now breathe out and extend it
to the side then hold it there breathe
in and now your goal is to go higher
with each exhale so exhale through the
mouth and lift it breathe in breathe out
higher breathe in breathe out higher see
my foot is horizontal higher three more
higher straighten the leg up two more
last one
and down slowly good sending for the
other side lift it up to the hip breathe
in now breathe out and extend it hold it
inhale as you exhale lift it higher
breathe in breathe out higher breathe in
breathe out bhai 3 more higher turn your
foot horizontal to more higher last one
higher and back in and down good that's
a dynamic tension exercise that involves
a muscle contraction the next one for
today is going to be a stretch same
principle that lift your left leg again
grab onto that foot and as you exhale
extend the leg into the air so breathe
in breathe out and extend it up hold it
up there top breathe in pull higher hold
up higher
again hire two more hire one more hire
and good the other leg same thing we're
talking about five breaths breathe in
and breathe out and extend it in and
pull breathe out lift it higher breathe
in whole breathe out higher your hips be
tucked in bottom leg straight breathe in
three more higher two more
higher last one hi breathe in and so two
great stretches and postures for
improving your leg flexibility and power
so again three sets on your own and
practice practice practice